Top 5 Free Chatbot provider for customer service
IntelliTicks:
IntelliTicks is one of the Top Free AI-powered chatbots providers. It has a human fall-back option and allows the human agents to take over the conversation anytime. IntelliTicks Chatbots is an AI conversational tool with automated engagement in the form of personalized conversation. It will answer repeated and basic customer queries without human help. NLP based chatbot can understand the customer query written in their natural language and answer them immediately. In case, Chatbot can’t understand the customer query, it will transfer the conversation control to the human agent. It has bots for Facebook messenger and you can create without any prior coding knowledge.

Free Chatbot Provider
On the move, Business owners can engage the customers using the mobile app. Check new leads/conversations using IntelliTicks mobile and take-over the conversation anytime.
No coding required to create a chatbot on the IntelliTicks platform. UI is easy and helps the business owners in developing a chatbot that suits their needs and requirements.
Installing a chatbot is super easy by just adding a small code on the website pages for deploying them.

Free Solutions like:
Livechat
FB Messenger Bots
AI Chatbots

Features:
Provide Hybrid Chat Platform — Both AI + Human fall back option
Deeper API Integrations like Zapier, Facebook Messenger
Rich Template Library
Payment Gateway
Has Menu-in-chat option
FAQ
No coding knowledge required at all for developing Chatbot
Facebook Messenger & Website Chatbot with Mobile AppsHuman Fall-Back Option
White Labelling
Free Trial


Chatfuel:
Chatfuel is one of the leading chatbot platforms for Facebook Messenger. They help the businesses in building bots with no coding required. Increase sales, personalize marketing and automate support, all with Chatfuel. Chatfuel supports Multi-Languages helping businesses engage in conversations with customers across the world. The offer payment gateway for native American customers while integrating Stripe for worldwide payment which is advantageous for the companies. Accepts Rich Media such as images, videos with Quick reply among other key features. Facebook Live Chat Website Plugin for the businesses to embed Messenger bot for the website.
Features:
Pre-defined bot templates
Businesses can create automated and personalized messages
Enabling bot to send an email notification
Setting up a multilingual chatbot
Sending attachments in bot messages
Payment gateway integrated
Free Plan up to 1000 subscribers / limited features / Chatfuel branding
Live chat feature
Limited A.I. and Natural Language Processing capabilities
Analytics Dashboard with total user chart (subscribers and unsubscribes), popular user input, user retention, and more
Flowxo
Flow XO is a platform for quickly building chatbots to help in seamless communication and engaging with customers across a wide range of different sites, applications, and social media platforms. Businesses can connect their chatbots with over 100 different cloud-based apps. Build chatbot widgets for a website or integrate them with suitable third-party platforms and users can also share your bot with others.
There is a free plan with 500 interactions limited. Paid versions start at $19/month, which gets you 5,000 interactions and you can add 25,000 by paying an extra $25/month (50,000 for £50/month, 75,000 for $75/month, etc.) and add five more bots for an extra $10/month.
Features:
Building chatbot using visual flow editor
Embedding chatbot on your website
Chatting with users directly inside the chatbot platform
Setting up a multilingual chatbot
Sending attachments in bot messages
Payment option for customer purchase of product/services
Facebook/Slack integration
E-Mail Support


Verloop
Verloop is a conversational sales and marketing platform plus automated customer support and engagement platform.
Verloop automates FAQ, lead capturing, lead qualification, demo scheduling or subscription sign-ups, the always-on bot guides your prospects like they were talking to your best sales rep. Firms who want to set-up the Chatbot for getting qualified leads, Verloop is a good option with an easy to use drag and drop interface. Businesses can train your bot, answer FAQs, generate leads and connect them to sales representatives. Verloop is a Multi-Lingual chatbot platform and can engage customers across the globe in their native language which is a crucial help for companies looking to expand their business across the world.
Features:
Book meetings
1000+ available app integrations
FAQ navigator, sliders, quick response
Drag-and-Drop
Canned Responses
Human Handover
Lead Qualification
No mobile SDK
Free Trial Yes
Engati
Engati is one of the popular Chatbot platforms around here to help businesses build bots without any prior programming knowledge. The platform offers multiple features like voice features, contextual, intelligent paths, training, analytics, private labeling, and more. Engati presently supports eight major messaging platforms including messenger, Kik, telegram, line, Viber, Skype, Slack and webchat with a focus on customer engagement. The businesses can leverage the power of machine learning, NLP & NLU to automate their chatbot and engage with the customers 24/7 without human intervention. In the case of the chatbot failing to understand customer queries, human resources can take-over the chat.
Features:
Contextual Conversation
Human Takeover and LiveChat
Bot building and Customizations at 22$ per hour
FAQ builder
Bot templates
White Label
Free Trial-Yes but with limited features
